one day you here was the first circus
vt and the very charismatic ball today
We will walk the 97th second generation
not so famous, but there are many
admirers like gustavo gustavo esse
here is the dream car
that's always been done was forward
who was in love with another always pay
I really liked the look on him. I like him.
motor I like the way he dies rech
Catch Wave is one so that your the car
all day the day today we can exchange one
telling this story is
logical now there is a net of ne
now each explains the passion of the two
around this special car is a
icon never 16 that this engine here in
time it was the largest aspirated bill
specific before launching 355 to you
think that this type of car there brings
a more technical audience than a car
Only a long time, I think so.
time it was different the import had
very little of that car, but today
day only who really likes to buy
nobody buys a vtr because they want one
shopping cart because this is a duty and
Do not even think about selling that car one day.
will not see the black plate in my hand
This is cool, I can speed it up.
kaká change to 6 thousand
he is not even
and can up to 8 he is not even feeling the
highlight in this car was the globe
boss to get back from here she asks me
a jaffray 50 years since I went to
me but it's awesome what my
technical and think it will give Paulo ball
will turn the producer faster without
Legal provides in paragraph sought to
that the horny and cietec is good now, right?
too much noise
now I'll leave it in the boss's hand looks
who better than him is not better than her
huh
the daughter
now woman this low
It's cool, you choose. I know him.
leave the target
today back by a fallen bank
if that bank also comes training
a little child support is lacking
because the family
is
he changes from the 6 thousand turns he
he has a base he gets thicker
Do I really want to do it?
play look at the more power input
from 6
is higher in vt in 97 showed evolution of
and was six tenths faster
that 95 next week has s 2008
Can he walk along with
in 1971 and rear balanced on it is
more planting when planting fig
car more on the ground the evolution by
there is more it is more than chassis
and what exactly motor
The cavalry that was won was
small, that's why
I do not win the track too with more
two cars are still fun
guide